Feature: Support foreign states such as extranjero, ne or foreign for… (#8)
yotepresto-com/curp-generator: README.md

|`second_last_name`|`String`|The mother's last name of the person.|
|`gender`|`String`|The gender of the person. Possible values: `male`, `female`, `hombre`, `mujer`, `femenino`, `masculino`, `h (male)`, `m (female)` (case insensitive).|
|`birth_date`|`DateTime`|The date when the person was born.|

> |`birth_state`|`String`|The mexican state where the person was born, or `foreign`, `ne` or `extranjero` if the person was born outside of Mexico. Possible values are listed in the [Catalogs module](/lib/curp_generator/catalogs.rb).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`birth_state`|`String`|The mexican state where the person was born. Possible values are listed in the [Catalogs module](/lib/curp_generator/catalogs.rb). In case of foreign nationals, send `foreign`, `ne` or `extranjero`. |
```
